But these are six for 49 cents.
These are five for one dollar.
- I know, that's cucumber.
- That's too much.
Yeah, you'd think that'd be
cheaper, wouldn't you?
It wouldn't be five
for a dollar.
You'd think you'd get, like,
ten for a dollar.
- I'm gonna maybe make a pie.
- Mm.
I'm gonna try this.
I'm going to get a, um...
♪ ♪
Let's go, Jonah.
We need to go.
Buying cantaloupes...
at the market...
as if he belonged in this world.
Well, I'll make any calls
I need to make.
My contacts will be made aware.
I'll get
the mayor himself involved.
You say his office didn't take
your calls.
No.
Well, you'll be assured
that when I ring
they will take mine.
I wouldn't have come
if I had anywhere else to go.
I am delighted that you're here.
30 years and here you are.
It's bashert.
I read about you
in the papers over the years.
Yeah. Hmm.
And now actually being here
in this...
in this big room...
Well, it's a bit bigger
than our flat on Boston Street.
Yes?
It's bigger, but...
but it's emptier, too.
You know, it's one
of the horrors of war,
the way you remember people.
For me, I lost
all the-all the photographs
of my father and my mother.
They're reduced
to little memories now.
Just his chin and her eyelashes.
A freckle... my mother.
I can see just her freckle.
But you... you, I thought,
I thought I could never forget.
And somehow you look...
you look different
than I remember.
We got old, Ruth.
We did.
Mm. We got tired.
That's true.
We've changed.
What a thing. What a thing.
I've been seeing this, look.
My awful handiwork, yeah?
Mm.
Yes, your awful handiwork.
It extends beyond the ink
and deeper than the skin, Meyer.
I often thought about this day,
because I had so many things
I wanted to say to you.
So many things.
And I take the bus.
I traveled all these blocks,
all these years.
And now I'm here.
And it's so hard for me to...
I felt such sadness
when you left
because of what you thought
that creature made you do.
But just a letter
and a necklace?
Why couldn't you share
your grief with me?
I wanted to, but, uh...
If we shared the weight...
I don't know.
It would somehow feel heavier.
When Naomi was born,
our beautiful daughter,
um, all this sadness
that I was feeling,
it turned to anger.
She was yours.
How could you have left?
I lived through the war, too,
Meyer.
Why was I left
to raise her alone?
Ruth, please. Please.
When she died,
all of the light left my world.
And soon I felt nothing.
And why should I?
What was there to feel?
Oh, did you know that she died,
our daughter?
Did you know?
I did.
Ah.
And why didn't you come for me?
Because you know
the things I've done.
Yes, I know the things
that you've done for me.
To save my life,
I know the things you've done.
When our daughter died,
a new light came into my life,
her boy, Jonah.
And I felt again.
I felt that,
with this little boy,
I felt everything
would be all right.
This is your grandson
I'm talking about.
And, unfortunately,
he looks like you.
Not the hair or the eyes,
but he has the light.
He has the light
that you once had.
And I won't let them
extinguish it.
Not the man in the market,
not anybody.
Not like they did to you, Meyer.
I'll protect him forever.
I... I don't know why
I told you any of these things.
I... I won't say any more.
Then, uh,
perhaps we can
just sit here, Ruth, quiet.
In the silence, and just...
What do you think?
What a big room this is.
What a big, empty room.
What a thing, Meyer.
What a thing.
♪ ♪
Meyer!
I'm here, Meyer.
I've got you.
Meyer.
Meyer, I'm here.
Meyer, wake up.
I'm sorry, Ma.
"Operation Paperclip"?
"The Fourth Reich"?
And you single-handedly
burned down
a factory filled with Nazis
before they could put out
a virus in... corn syrup.
That's right.
All because you old,
white assholes
brought these Nazis here,
Linda Lovelace-ing
their Wiener schnitzels
across the sea.
That's quite a silver tongue
you got in that mouth
- of yours, Morris.
- Thank you.
It's not as big as the silver
spoons in yours, gentlemen.
The thing is, sweetheart,
it all comes down to proof.
And all you've got
is a burned-down factory
and the murder of
a neighborhood kid
at a comic shop.
The rest is hearsay.
Like little green men
at Area 51.
Agent Grimsby will vouch
for it all.
Well, Agent Grimsby retired
this morning, dear.
Seems to have packed up
and left town.
And, gee, try as we may,
we can't, for the life of us,
locate him.
Thank you for coming in,
Agent Morris.
We appreciate your...
your view on the events.
Oh, and, uh...
You will keep this quiet.
Such wild speculation ultimately
does more harm than good
to all those involved.
Meyer.
- Hey.
- Ah.
Flies off a fucking bridge
and survives.
Look at you.
Oh, sheesh, look, you got
flowers from every
living mayor of New York City.
You got prime ministers
over there.
Fucking presidents, I'm sure.
Look at you.
How are you doing?
You all right?
I need to rest.
Yeah, okay. Yeah.
You ne... If you need anything,
just, just...
I can, I can get you something
if you need it.
You all right?
I-I'm not feeling up
to any visitors, all right?
Visitors? Okay.
Yeah. Visitors...
I'm-I'm your grandson.
What are you...
What are you doing?
- It's all right.
- Okay. All right, I...
Okay. I'll just leave.
- I'll go, that's fine.
- That's...
- Eh...
- What?
I thought...
it was you.
What are you talking about?
Harriet's too...
uh, impulsive.
And Lonny is too daft.
And...
Joe, he's too haunted.
Roxy, too idealistic.
And Mindy...
Mindy's too beleaguered.
It was supposed to be you.
It's your birthright.
Your birthright.
Your legacy.
To do what was necessary.
To lead The Hunt.
To lead it.
I-I-I don't understand.
Did I do something wrong?
What did I do wrong?
I don't get it.
You should've killed him, Jonah.
You had the chance.
Killed him? Killed him.
Millie was right there.
She was right there.
- She was five feet away from me.
- Excuses.
He's-He's in...
He's in prison now.
He's behind bars...
So was The Wolf...
behind bars.
But wait.
He's going to fester in there
and he will
be out again before you know it.
Jonah.
Such a beautiful boy.
I thought you were like me.
But I see clearly.
You are a boy.
Just a boy.
- No. No, you're wrong.
- Yes.
I can, I can do
what is necessary.
I... I can lead The Hunt.
I can be whatever the fuck
I need to be.
- I can do that.
- But you weren't.
- When it counted most,
you weren't.
- How was I supposed to know?
How am I supposed to know that?
- This whole time, I was...
- Words are small.
Deeds are giant.
Meyer, if you just listen to me.
Just hear me out.
My perspective on this.
Words are small.
Deeds... are giants.
Can you just... can you...?
- I wish to be alone now.
- But can you just...?
I need to be alone now.
Go.
Let... me rest.
♪ ♪
Boom.
Booty's mom's finally
eating again, my mom said.
Had her first slice
of key lime pie
after they arrested
that asshole.
So, that-that's... something.
I could have fucking killed him.
I could have killed him,
and I had... I...
I had the chance, and I...
I didn't take it.
But I didn't take it.
♪ For Jimmy Brown ♪
He couldn't even look at me...
Meyer.
♪ He ain't got nothing
at all... ♪
Couldn't even look my way.
Basically said
I was a fucking coward.
Coward? Hmm.
Well, you know, they said
the same thing about Spider-Man.
And Jean Grey.
And Dick Grayson.
You know, until they killed
the motherfucking big bad.
And proved themselves.
♪ Walks with his head... ♪
Oh, shit!
Oh, my mom's gonna kill me.
I told her
I'd be all packed by 9:00.
Uh, I'll call you, okay?
- Yeah, yeah.
- You good?
Yeah, yeah. I'll see you.
♪ To the poor boy
right out in the street ♪
♪ And this is what he said... ♪
Files on
The Wolf?
What'd you find in 'em?
Not much.
Your safta took the files.
♪ She ain't got nothing
at all... ♪
How odd.
Orange.
Orange is...
marigolds.
Bengal tiger.
Halloween.
Crunchy autumn leaves.
The Golden Gate Bridge,
pumpkin pie.
For Buddhists,
the color of illumination.
The highest state of perfection.
For Hindus,
the shade of the holy wanderers.
And in Elizabethan England,
it was reserved only for nobles.
Part red, part yellow.
Neither fully kings
nor fully peasants.
How odd.
Mm.
So...
black jester,
what are you doing here
at my throne?
I'm here to make you an offer.
Leniency for the murder of the
young man at the comic book shop
if you agree to testify
about the Fourth Reich.
They're silencing you,
aren't they?
So... I'm your last chance.
To prove your story.
And so you wish to make a trade.
Gosh.
If only the Jew boy
could hear you pledging
to reduce my sentence.
He would be oh so disappointed.
Thing is...
I'm not gonna tell
some black, mongoloid bitch
anything at all.
Well, I guess it's your loss.
Oh, Millie?
I am so glad
that I let you live
outside that toy shop.
Because one day,
when I'm covered in
your girlfriend Maria's blood,
and I have a knife...
The same knife I used
to slice her into pieces...
Pressed against your throat,
you're gonna look back
and realize
you should've let
the kid kill me the other day.
Boy, I hope I remember
to bring my Polaroid camera,
because the look
on your face is one
I'm gonna want to put
in my memory book.
♪ ♪
Where the fuck is the file?
Come on, come on.
Anything on The Wolf.
Shit. For The Wolf.
The Wolf.
We heard stories
that the Allies were close.
And then they came,
the angels in green.
And for the first time in years,
we tasted freedom.
And there, since that night
he sacrificed his world
for mine,
I saw him again.
Meyer.
What?
♪ ♪
Oh. Oh.
My Meyer.
Oh.
A bag of bones and flesh.
And then we saw him.
Our monster, our golem,
The Wolf finally arrested
by the Soviets.
We spent months recuperating
in the Displaced Persons camp,
while the Nazis rotted
in the cells across the camp.
And here he was...
My love, this man of light...
Now darkened.
- He suffered
the same nightmare,
night after night.
What is it?
Ah.
The same dream...
I march to his cell,
across camp.
I pull him into the woods,
I set The Wolf on his knees
and...
I say the Kaddish prayer
for him...
Why?
Why waste your breath saying
the prayer for this man?
Why show the monster mercy
at all?
I must pray for him...
before I kill him.
It's the monsters among us...
who deserve prayer
most of all...
And then I kill him...
I take him from this world...
so he is nothing...
so he is shum da-var...
The Wolf forever wished
to be Meyer.
He learned everything
there was to know about him.
Except the things
that couldn't be taught.
And because
he couldn't become him,
he tried to kill
what made Meyer so special:
his soul, his light.
Oh.
And in that moment I realized
The Wolf had succeeded.
And so I made myself a pledge
that I carry to this day,
years after Meyer left me
and ran off
that fateful November 4:
I will find The Wolf
and I will deliver justice
until he is nothing.
For this is a duty of the past.
This is a matter of the soul.
Matter of the soul.
A matter of the soul.
Go on. Eat some of this.
It heals all aches of the body
and all matters of the soul.
Mmm. You should write that down
in one of your cookbooks.
Matter...
You should write that down
in one of your cookbooks.
No.
Holy shit.
Anything on The Wolf.
Where are you?
Come on.
Zuchs.
An SS roll.
Escaped November 4... 1945.
1945.
Missing. Missing.
Escaped November...
Oh.
Transferred all of his assets
to Friedrich Mann.
An alias.
Friedrich Mann.
Zuchs.
The Wolf.
Created a new identity.
An alias.
Friedrich Mann.
You found him.
Didn't you?
♪ It's like the twist ♪
♪ Sure ain't the... ♪
♪ The way you move
your inner groove ♪
♪ Oh, come on,
show me what you got ♪
♪ Huh! Come on, baby ♪
♪ Come on, sister ♪
♪ Don't be afraid to hold on ♪
♪ Get on up ♪
What name would you like
to put on the passport?
Uh, hmm. What about...
Boris Frodski?
♪ Come on,
show me what you got ♪
♪ Oh! ♪
But that's my name.
♪ ♪
Oh...
can't have any
loose ends, comrade.
- How are ya, Agent Morris?
- Who the hell are you?
Elizabeth Handelman,
congresswoman.
- Congresswoman?
- Mm.
Even my office
is bigger than this shoebox.
Manhattan is
just not what it was, huh?
You should really come on over
to Brooklyn.
I'm sorry, what are you
doing here?
I heard about
your testimony today
about these so-called Nazis
running among us.
Look, if you're here
to tell me to keep quiet,
- I think you wasted a trip.
- I am here to tell you
I heard you, Agent Morris.
I know all about
Operation Paperclip.
I know about Agent Grimsby.
I know about Nazis
living in the States.
I'm one of a few Jews
in Congress,
an institution built
for white skin and blue blood.
A long time I've been searching
for a way to bring
these people to justice.
I think my search is over.
Well, listen, I didn't set out
to hunt fuckin' Nazis.
I was following a case, tracking
a murderer, and there are men
in the halls of these
institutions who are complicit,
who have aided and abetted
war criminals.
That is the fight
that I need to take.
That's a fight you'll lose.
I'm offering you another path.
To hunt the monsters themselves.
To create a task force
to locate and prosecute Nazis
in the U.S. and abroad.
I'll wrangle funding.
It'll be under the radar.
No one will know about it
except you and me
and a team of your choosing.
It would be fitting,
wouldn't it?
A black woman and a Jewish broad
being the stuff
of Nazis' nightmares.
So...
what do you say?
♪ ♪-(quiet, indistinct chatter
Oh.
Hunter Smith
for Dr. Mann?
You should be careful,
young man.
If the old bags
from the Upper West Side
find out
there's a child in here,
they'll try to sink
their porcelain fangs in you
and suck your blood.
So...
what can I do for you?
I'm guessing it's not
a tummy tuck or face lift.
Uh, it... I just, um...
I-I got into an accident
recently, and, uh...
well, I don't want it to scar.
Well, let's have a look.
Come on. Sit down.
- Here?
- Yeah.
This is quite expertly done.
Yeah, it shouldn't scar.
I can make sure of that.
I'm good at removing scars.
Nothing to worry about.
All right.
Here we go.
Let's see.
You're going to feel
a little pinch, now.
Ready?
And again.
One more.
So.
Yeah?
You feel that?
- Yeah. Yeah, a little bit.
- All right.
So, here we go.
You're German?
Hmm?
Yeah.
I was born there.
My family's from there.
Hmm.
Were you there during the war?
I was, indeed.
Dr. Mann,
Mrs. Worth is ready.
Mm-hmm.
I'm finished here.
So...
no more scars.
Hmm?
My nurse will show you out.
♪ ♪
Why?
Did you...
did you kill that boy
in the comic book shop?
But we...
we tucked you in every night.
We hugged you and kissed you.
W-We always told you
we were proud of you.
We let you watch cartoons and...
- eat Oreos and get
- Will you just...
that lava lamp you wanted,
and we...
we loved you.
So why?
I don't know.
I didn't...
I don't...
I need help.
It's...
it's hell in here.
It's... hell.
- Mom...
- We're-we're...
we're gonna hire you a lawyer,
sweetheart,
and we're going
to get you out of this place,
and we're... we're going to get
you the help that you need.
Okay? Okay?
Okay.
Maybe get one of them...
Jewish lawyers.
People say they're the best.
You're from Smolensk?
Mm-hmm.
Why did you ever leave
the greatest country on Earth
for America?
Business trip.
♪ ♪
Welcome back.
It's good to be home.
Hey, hey.
- What is...
- I have something.
I have something for you.
- Okay?
- What?
Words are small,
deeds are giants, right?
What are...
what are you saying, Jonah?
What?
- What?
- I found him.
Found who?
I found him.
The Wolf.
Oh, my God.
That's him.
Come on.
I fucking found him.
He's all yours, Saba.
He's all yours.
Here you go.
30 years
I have dreamt of this.
I cried out for this moment.
30 years.
That face.
Those eyes.
Those hands.
Hello, Wilhelm.
Hey, hey, don't you want
to hear what this...
piece of shit has to say?
What can he say?
- What words
could he conjure that...
could possess any meaning?
What you did,
what you were.
For 30 years.
And all that time...
all that time,
I believed
you were the darkness.
The darkness you can feel,
as God felt it.
The darkness you can see,
as the Egyptians saw it.
And now
you will become
what you were always
destined to be.
It's you.
Nothing.
It's you!
Yes.
Yes, Wilhelm.
Shh.
It's me.
You didn't say it.
What?
The Kaddish.
Before you...
Before you killed him,
you didn't... you didn't say it.
A beast like this
deserves a prayer, Jonah?
No, no, no.
No prayer for him.
"It's the monsters...
among us who deserve prayer
most of all."
Monsters deserving prayers?
Who said that...
One of your comic books?
You...
said that.
You said that.
I said that?
You had the same nightmare
every night.
You told my safta.
It was in her letters.
When you found him,
you must pray for him
before you-you kill him.
You said that.
- Well, of course, but...
- Well, what?
How...
What, you don't remember?
Jonah...
You had the same nightmare
every night.
How do you not remember that?
But it was a long time ago,
kindeleh.
The...
You know, when you're older...
harder to remember.
No.
The prayer.
Why didn't he know the prayer?
The Wolf learned everything
there was to know about Meyer,
except the things
that couldn't be taught.
- But you must search...
- What about Wilhelm Zuchs?
The tools this surgeon
had used to mend soldiers
he now used to tear me apart.
- This is quite expertly done.
he now used
to tear me apart.
Escaped November 4.
You can never know a person.
The Wolf.
We wear different faces.
Zuchs escaped November 4.
- November 4.
November 4
was the last time
- I saw Meyer.
- It's you.
Zuchs.
- It's you!
- It's you... you!
- Zuchs.
Why didn't he know the prayer?
The prayer.
What's wrong?
It's you.
It's you?
What?
Y-You're Wilhelm Zuchs.
You're...
The Wolf.
I thought
we would have more time.
Wh... What?
We needed more time.
How?
How is it...
What the fuck did you do?
Tell me.
The Soviets
had taken over the camp,
and they were gonna hang me.
I found a way
to get out of the cell.
But I needed
the papers to escape,
so I...
I snuck into the tent where...
where the man I came
to know better than anyone
was, uh...
And you k... you-you killed him?
Is that... is that
what you're gonna say?
You killed him, right?
Say it.
I killed him.
Right where he slept.
I took him outside to the woods.
And then, uh...
I buried him there.
And, what, what, what,
you just walked out of there?
You just took his papers?
You took his name?
You just walked
right out of there?
I left your safta his necklace.
Then wrote her a note,
um, as Meyer
that I couldn't
be with her anymore
because she was there
when I had killed the 11 men.
And I c...
No, no. You...
- What?
- You have the tattoo.
The-the...
the scar.
I did them myself.
With, um, one of them...
penknives and ink.
You did that yourself?
And I managed
to escape to Berlin.
But, on the streets,
a survivor recognized me.
Started to scream.
I, um, got away, but...
I knew I...
The name of Meyer
was not gonna be enough.
I had to do something else.
I had to become...
him.
I went to an SS surgeon,
who happens to be...
this man who sits dead
before us.
I transferred to this man
my entire savings,
and he gave me a mask,
which...
- is what you see today.
- And you...
and, what, you just...
You came to America
as Meyer Offerman.
Everything that you told me.
You told me all this...
Everything that you said...
Every-every story,
- every-every blessing.
- All true, Jonah.
No, no, but they're his.
They're his to tell.
They're-they're his to give.
They're not yours.
Well, I was...
They don't belong to you.
I was there. I saw.
It wasn't enough for you to f...
Get the fuck away from me!
Wasn't enough for you
to torture him?
To force him to kill,
then kill him.
You take his heart, his soul,
his fucking blood.
Me, my safta.
You had to...
Was this a fucking game for you?
It wasn't a game, Jonah.
It was...
30 years I lived as a Jew,
I saw as a Jew,
I thought as a Jew.
You know, I finally woke
from the coma of hatred,
and I saw the evil I had done
to your grandparents...
and realized that I was
the villain of my own story.
You don't recover from that.
Want me to take fucking pity
on you?
I don't give a shit
what the fuck you went through.
You're a fucking Nazi.
I'm not a Nazi.
Of course you're a fucking Nazi.
I was never a Nazi.
No matter what.
The Reich was nothing to me.
You think I cared
for the ideology?
Then why?
Why the fuck did you do it?
No, I was a surgeon.
And they gave me power.
To run their laboratory.
And with the power
they gave me...
Power breeds evil,
and the evil consumed me.
You saw the evil that you did.
You saw it,
and you kept going. You
kept playing that fucking part.
- You loved it.
- I didn't love it.
You loved all this shit,
didn't you?
You can't know
what a hell it was to be Meyer.
Hell? Hell?
I had a mother.
I had a father.
I was a person, too.
I had to kill the person I was
and be Meyer.
Hell... living like a fucking
king. It was hell for you.
Yeah, building all this
on his fucking name,
- on his grave.
- I didn't plan it,
you know, all this.
I came to America.
The Jewish organization
got me here,
got me a, uh...
a job at a factory.
A factory. You're a surgeon
working at a fucking factory.
I couldn't be a surgeon, Jonah.
I couldn't tell 'em
what I really was.
That would contradict
all the lies I've told.
I had to commit
to the whole Jewish faith.
I studied Hebrew.
I went to... temple.
Read the Torah.
I did it all, you know?
I became a Jew.
No, you're not a fucking Jew.
No.
A little over a year ago...
there was a knock at my door.
It was your safta.
And she came into the room.
She, of course,
th-thought I was Meyer.
She showed me the light.
And she inspired The Hunt.
And from that moment,
she became my savior,
because she gave me
the opportunity
to finally do something
that was right,
to-to finally grow
a little bit closer
to the light.
And, what, what, you thought it
your redemption or some shit?
- What? No. No.
- Huh? You thought y-y...
-No? No? Good.
-Please, Jonah.
No, I don't look for redemption!
-You'll never get redemption.
You'll never get absolution.
-I don't want redemption!
- You'll never get forgiveness.
- I don't seek it!
I don't deserve it!
The Hunt is my penance,
because it gives me purpose,
finally.
In The Hunt, I find myself.
I'd kill for The Hunt.
I will die for The Hunt.
The Hunt isn't yours.
It doesn't belong to you.
Who does it belong to, then?
It belongs to the 11 million
who cry out from their graves
for justice,
that's who.
It belongs...
to Ruth.
It belongs to Meyer.
It belongs to me.
- You? Hmm?
- Yeah.
By what right?
- Birthright.
- Birthright?
Yeah. Birthright.
You turned away from The Hunt
the first time
you heard about it.
You took the easy way out.
Who was it that got you back?
Me.
How could you be trusted
to do what is necessary?
'Cause my grandfather did.
'Cause my safta did.
And they're part of me.
They are me.
Do you want to kill me?
You want to become
the leader of The Hunt?
You'll have to do
what is necessary,
and you can't, can you?
Because you need me.
No, I don't fucking need you.
- Yes, you do. You do.
- I don't fucking need you.
- Who am I? If I don't do this,
- Hmm?
If I don't do this, who am I?
Who?
You're a boy.
That's who you are.
You didn't even bring me
The Wolf.
You brought me
a goddamn surgeon.
I fucking found you.
I found you.
- Jonah, don't let this man
destroy your life, too.
- You.
What are you gonna do?
You destroyed my fucking world.
Oh, I destroyed your world?
You were a schvantz kid
running around the streets.
I gave you the world.
What are you doing? You're
gonna do something with that?
Jonah, he wants you to kill.
Don't give him
- what he wants.
- You think I want to live?
Go ahead.
Only The Hunt lives.
♪ ♪
Jonah, no.
-Please.
-Do you understand?
Only The Hunt.
- You know there'll be
another time for you to do this.
No, no, no, no.
You can't do
what you think is necessary.
Amen.
It's you.
M-Meyer.
♪ ♪
No.
No. No, no, no.
- No!
- Bloody hell.
Jonah. Jonah?
What the fuck did you do, huh?
What the fuck did you do?!
Meyer! Meyer?!
- Meyer Offerman is dead.
- Meyer! Meyer!
He died 30 years ago
at a DP camp,
the hands of this motherfucker,
The Wolf.
It's done.
♪ ♪
And, so, if we plead guilty
by reason of insanity,
we can ensure transfer
from this awful place
to a mental health facility
where, if you show
good behavior,
you can be released on parole
in under ten years.
Do you understand?
I certainly understand.
Thank you, Mr. Goldstein.
But...
I didn't ask you here
because I wanted to get out.
I asked you here
so I'd be sure I'd stay in.
You see...
I have so much work to do.
A war is coming,
and I need an army.
And this...
This is the honey pot.
Hundreds of ignorant,
violent white men
looking for someone to blame
for all their problems.
I could not have chosen a better
breeding ground if I tried.
I tried to recruit them already,
to instill them
with the teachings, but...
I've learned that these people
respond to actions, not words.
And so... I invited you here.
The Jew.
Because no leader rises to power
without a grand display.
A sacrificial lamb.
What the hell
are you talking about?
You kosher fucks
eat lamb, right?
No!
Jews will not replace us!
Jews...
It's important to draw open
the curtains now and then.
See that light still shines
in the world.
You always told me that.
Trouble is I live in a realm
of endless curtains
and never windows.
She's dead.
The Colonel.
The queen is dead.
Long live the queen.
- A divine shame.
- Indeed.
And how will you fool
Offerman's bandits
to carry out our plan?
I'll find a way.
See that you do, Rebekah.
Your intel helped net
quite a feast, dear.
The new dossier should have
just arrived to you.
I should go.
How is he...
The boy?
He's...
Well, you'll see for yourself
soon enough.
Joe's place was all
packed up. I thought
he would've told me,
but I guess he, uh...
found a way out.
Mindy, too.
She's moving to Westchester
with Ben and Amy.
With Murray gone,
she says her family
needs her now.
I blame Ben.
Does anyone else want to leave?
Do you?
If so, now's the time.
They're still out there.
I mean, what did we do...
We stopped... one plot,
one ploy?
They're gonna keep coming.
They're everywhere.
They're on the streets.
They're-they're on TV.
They're in boardrooms,
they're in politics.
Seeping in.
This is why
we have to do what we do.
we have to do what is wrong.
Because if not us,
then who?
This can't happen again.
Never again.
Agent Morris...
She's gonna be on us,
on us every step of the way.
She will hunt us
while we hunt them.
Then perhaps we don't
hunt them in America.
My contact sent a dossier.
Die Spinne, they called it.
A highly covert operation
in which eight of Hitler's
highest-ranked lieutenants...
The leaders of the Nazi regime...
Were shuttled
out of Nazi Germany
and disappeared into Europe.
So, you twats,
perhaps it's time we
take our expertise
across the pond...
and kill
these fucking shites
of the Round Table.
Yeah, I could definitely
use a getaway.
Let's find these fascist fucks.
Eastern Europe
loves Lonny Flash.
♪ ♪
♪ I know it's too late ♪
♪ 'Cause on your Judgment Day ♪
♪ You're gonna close
your gates ♪
♪ On me ♪
♪ And I'll ♪
♪ Be left here on my own ♪
♪ To face hell ♪
♪ All alone... ♪
♪ ♪
Do you know what
you look like, darling?
You look like tomorrow.
And tomorrow, we begin anew.
Time for supper!
Time for a feast, my darlings.
♪ ♪
Time to eat, Adolf.
I'm hungry, Eva, darling.
I'm so hungry.
♪ And yes ♪
♪ I know it's too late ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ 'Cause on your Judgment Day ♪
♪ You're gonna
close your gates ♪
♪ On me... ♪
♪ On me ♪
♪ And I'll ♪
♪ Be left here on my own ♪
♪ To face hell ♪
♪ All alone. ♪